Thank you for downloading Pixel Realm!
I would highly recomend reading this, as it will help your experience 
with Pixel Realm be as smooth as possible.

About Pixel Realm:
Pixel Realm is an independently developed gaming platform developed by
the Omega development team, based out of Pennsylvania in the US. With
Pixel Realm, you can enjoy a variety of different games and other
applications, all compressed into one neat window. Pixel Realm was
programmed mainly using the Python coding language. Pixel Realm was also
designed to provide an enjoyable gaming experience even on devices with
restricted settings, which will hopefully allow a greater array of
the population to enjoy peak gaming. Thank you. 
- C L M and the Pixel Realm team.

Running and Troubleshooting:
# Put some stuff here about actually running the program.

How to Change the Settings of Pixel Realm:
There is a "preferences.json" file in the "utilities" folder.
This file contains multiple options to change and optimize your
experience with Pixel Realm. When you open the file, it might ask you 
what app you want to open it with. You should open it with your text
editor (notepad for Windows, and TextEdit for Mac). The file contains 
multiple "keys", which are on the left side of the file. These keys tell 
you what they are modifying. After the key is a colon (:), which 
seperates it from the "value", which is on the right side. If the value 
contains "True" or "False", then you can change it to the other option 
if you want. Make sure to capitalize True and False, or else the code 
will not work. If the value is a number, then you can change the number 
to a different number if you want to change this setting. I wouldn't
change the FPS though, as that will drastically change the game speed.

How to Reset Pixel Realm:
Resetting Pixel Realm restores all default settings, resets all of the 
data we have stored about you, and deletes your current account. You 
might want to consider resetting Pixel Realm if there is a bug in the 
code and you get an error, or if you want to reset your account. To
reset Pixel Realm, open up the "utilities" folder and run the file
called "reset.pyw". It will prompt you to press the confirm button to 
confirm that you want to reset Pixel Realm. Press this button, and wait 
for the wizard to reset everything. The program will close automatically
and give you a "Reset Complete" message.

How to Restore Default Settings Without Resetting (very technical):
In the "utilities" folder, you can find a file called "defaults.json".
Open up this file with your text editor (notepad on Windows, TextEdit 
for Mac). Once you have opened the file, press control-A (command-A on
Mac) and it should highlight the entire file. Now press control-C (
command-C on Mac). Next, open the "preferences.json" file with your text 
editor, and press control-A again. Now press delete or backspace to
delete the contents of the file. Finally press control-V to paste the 
default settings back into the file.