Thank you for downloading Pixel Realm!

- I would highly recomend reading this, as it will help your experience 
with Pixel Realm as smooth as possible. 
- If you had to look at one part of this guide, look at the section on 
changing the settings of Pixel Realm. Changing your settings is very 
important to getting the best possible pixel realm experience.

About Pixel Realm:
Pixel Realm is an independently developed gaming platform created by
Omega_XK. Pixel Realm is a collection of games and applications, all 
condensed into one neat window. Pixel Realm is a completely open source
application. Thank you.
- Omega_XK

Running and Troubleshooting:
# Put some stuff here about actually running the program.

How to Change the Settings of Pixel Realm:
There is a "preferences.json" file in the "user_info" folder.
This file contains multiple options to change and optimize your
experience with Pixel Realm. When you open the file, it might ask you 
what app you want to open it with. You should open it with your text
editor (NotePad for Windows, and TextEdit for Mac). The file contains 
multiple "keys", which are on the left side of the file. These keys tell 
you what they are modifying. After the key is a colon (:), which 
seperates it from the "value", which is on the right side. If the value 
contains "True" or "False", then you can change it to the other option 
if you want. Make sure to capitalize True and False, or else the code 
will not work. If the value is a number, then you can change the number 
to a different number if you want to change this setting. If you want 
more guidance on changing your preferences, take a look at the 
"preferences_guide.txt" file in the "information" folder.

How to Fix Pixel Realm (PR Reset):
Resetting Pixel Realm restores all default settings, resets all of the 
data we have stored about you, and deletes your current account. You 
might want to consider resetting Pixel Realm if there is a bug in the 
code and you get an error, or if you want to reset your account. To
reset Pixel Realm, open up the "utilities" folder and run the file
called "reset.pyw". It will prompt you to press the confirm button to 
confirm that you want to reset Pixel Realm. Press this button, and wait 
for the wizard to reset everything. The program will close automatically
and give you a "Reset Complete" message. If resetting doesn't work,
uninstall Pixel Realm and then redownload it.

How to Restore Default Settings Without Resetting (very technical):
In the "utilities" folder, you can find a file called "defaults.json".
Open up this file with your text editor (notepad on Windows, TextEdit 
for Mac). Once you have opened the file, press control-A (command-A on
Mac) and it should highlight the entire file. Now press control-C (
command-C on Mac). Next, open the "preferences.json" file with your text 
editor, and press control-A again. Now press delete or backspace to
delete the contents of the file. Finally press control-V to paste the 
default settings back into the file.

Extra Notes:

1. Do not modify the file called "donotmodify_defaults.txt". This file
is essential for the reset program to work, and if it is modified, the
reset program will crash and you will not be able to reset Pixel Realm,
which is a pretty big issue that's best to try and avoid completely. Do 
not modify this file!!

2. If you accidently type something in the "preferences.json" file that 
causes an error, resetting Pixel Realm should fix it. You can find more 
information about resetting Pixel Realm above.

3. For legal reasons, I need to inform you that the Free Robux app does 
not actually give you any free robux. It asks for your username and 
password, but the program does not actually do anything with that
information. It is just a joke app that I made to make fun of the free
robux scams that are all over the internet. Your information is in no
danger by using this app, but please do not try to use it to get free 
robux, because it will not work. If you are a programmer, than you can 
look at the source code and see that it does not actually do anything
with your information. We are not responsible for any damage that you do
to your account by using this app. Thank you for understanding.

4. If there are any bugs in the program that are caused by the USER
making a mistake when modifying game files, than that is not my fault
and you can only blame yourself from messing up the program. If this 
happenes, reset Pixel Realm. If that doesn't work, redownload the app.

5. The account system is completely local. Your account will not save 
when uninstalling or resetting Pixel Realm. Your preferences are also
local and will not save upon a reset or reinstall.